Editorial review: Document interest invokers (#42021)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/interestevent/interestevent/index.md

---
title: "InterestEvent: InterestEvent() constructor"
short-title: InterestEvent()
slug: Web/API/InterestEvent/InterestEvent
page-type: web-api-constructor
browser-compat: api.InterestEvent.InterestEvent
---

{{APIRef("Popover API")}}

The **`InterestEvent()`** constructor creates a new {{domxref("InterestEvent")}} object.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
new InterestEvent(type, init)
```

### Parameters

- `type`
  - : A string representing the type of event. In the case of `InterestEvent` this is always `interest` or `loseinterest`.
- `init` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object containing the following properties:
    - `source` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : An {{domxref("Element")}} representing the interest invoker element that interest was shown or lost on to fire the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `type`
  - : A string representing the type of event. For `InterestEvent`, this is always `interest` or `loseinterest`.
- `init` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object containing the following property:
    - `source` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An {{domxref("Element")}} representing the interest invoker element on which interest was shown or lost.
```
